STRATEGY SESSION NOV 10

Procedure:

	Meet up at 2:15PM under tree near reflection pond, someone will be holding SLAP sign.
	Go through procedure. Line people up to 'march' down to office. 
	Take side entrance, up stairs, wait for elevator people. Walk into boardroom office.
	Outside lead will set people up, people going in will go in. 

	Inside people will have meeting. Outside people will chant, participate in teach in,
	discussion, question, updates


	Roles 
		Lead for Outside - Nick and other SLAP people
		Hold sign - Nicole H
		Explaining procedure - Zubir 
		Nicole M will bring sign in sheets, chant sheets 

	When meeting ends, we debrief under the same tree.

Supplies:

	Meeting agenda
	Copies of pledge 
	Flyers 
	Sign in sheets 
	Chant sheets 

Current Pledge:

	Notify all employees of Public Service Loan Forgiveness (PSLF) and federal loan repayment options. 

		- Distribute information about PSLF at new employee orientation 
		and benefits enrollment and informational events. (what about student exit counseling?)

		- Distribute the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (CFPB) 
		Action Guide for Public Service Employees to all employees.

		- Host an information session on PSLF and federal student loan 
		repayment options at the beginning of every Spring semester. 
		This should be open to both employees and students.
	
	Offer a day every Fall and Spring semester to assist employees with completing required forms. 
		
		- Employees must submit an Employment Certification form for each public service 
		employer they work for while making qualifying payments towards Public Service 
		Loan Forgiveness. Once an employee has made all 120 qualifying payments,they 
		must submit a separate final application to have their federal loans forgiven. 

		- In order to make this process easier and encourage employees to submit these 
		forms every year while employed at UCF, there should be a designated enrollment 
		period every Fall and Spring semester. During this period, employees are provided 
		leave to see an authorized signer and receive assistance completing and submitting 
		these forms. 

		- There should be a designated point of contact at UCF that employees can speak to 
		regarding PSLF. 

	Maintain statistics on PSLF.

		- Keep copies of completed Employment Certification forms in the employee's file. 

		- Keep a count of the number of employees that, while employed at UCF, have submitted 
		Employment Certification forms and PSLF applications.

		- Distribute these statistics in relevant benefits information sessions and literature. 

		- If they are willing, share the stories of employees who have had their loans forgiven
		through PSLF. 



